title: New Website
date: 2015-06-20 17:09:02
tags:
- blog
- hugo
- octopress
- jekyll
- hexo
author: Esteban Torres
---
«Clearly» the site has changed (as long as you have been following me; if not then perhaps this is «shocking news» for you).

I started the blog with [`Jekyll`][jekyll] and quickly «moved» to [`Octopress`][octopress] for its «simplicity» to make new posts, pages and change themes; or so I thought.

After some time having to deal with it and then having to create a blog for [Log(n)][logn]'s employees (being that I'm one of them at the moment) gave me some insights as to how convoluted the process is.
<!--more-->
Honestly it felt harder than it should have and made me re-consider my previous choice of static generator.

I started looking and read some good things about [`Hugo`][hugo] but wasn't sold on the idea of migrating; the only thing I knew was that I wanted to give my blog a new «face» and that it should be a static website that could easily reside on my [`Github`][blog] account.

Back to the «new face» quest I looked everywhere under the sun for new [`Octopress`][octopress] templates that I would think where «different», clean and obviously pretty… no luck. Mostly all themes for [`Octopress`][octopress] templates are pretty much the same with maybe 3 or 4 variations and almost all of them are not under my definition of pretty for a website.

After a couple of weeks I gave up; fired up Google with «static site generators» as the search criteria and landed on a page that listed a bunch that you could sort by popularity.

Long story short the top 4 hits sorted by popularity were (perhaps not in that *EXACT* order:

1. [`Jekyll`][jekyll]
2. [`Octopress`][octopress]
3. [`Hugo`][hugo]
4. [`Hexo`][hexo]

I already knew the first 2 and wasn't happy with them; [`Hugo`][hugo] seemed like a nice option but to be perfectly honest [`Hexo`][hexo]'s list of themes was what caught my eye.

Without much delay I created a «temp» folder on my computer; installed all the requirements for [`Hexo`][hexo] and _REALLY_ quickly I had my blog running locally with this new generator.

Took me a couple of hours to fully configure it the way I wanted it to look and correctly setting up my `CNAME` file for my custom domain (in case you didn't know this blog is served under http://esttorhe.github.io).

# Caveats

There's only one big caveat I have found with [`Hexo`][hexo] (which I plan on fixing soon hopefully) and that is that the `tags` point to some obscure `tags.html` index file that is not generated by the engine; all other «specific» tag pages are correctly generated but the «main» file is not being parsed despite the partial being there.

Honestly that's a «side effect» I'm ok with for the moment; I'm still planning on fixing it but is nothing major.

# Disqus

Another good thing is that [`Hexo`][hexo] uses [`Disqus`][disqus] as the default commenting engine (which I was using on the previous instance of my blog) and migrating to the new site was pretty easy thanks to [`Disqus`][disqus] migration tools.

# Conclusion

Hope you like the new layout/design and I'm open to suggestions.

# Update

Figured out a way to add support for `tags` and partially for `categories` (although I haven't rolled that out to production).

Will blog about adding support for `tags` and `categories` (its more of a per theme basis).

👋

[jekyll]:http://jekyllrb.com
[octopress]:http://octopress.org
[logn]:http://lognllc.github.io
[hugo]:https://github.com/spf13/hugo
[blog]:https://github.com/esttorhe/esttorhe.github.io
[hexo]:https://hexo.io
[disqus]:http://disqs.com
