source/about/index.md, before:

layout: page
title: "About Me"
date: 2014-12-11 20:56:10 +0000
comments: true
tags:
- iOS
- Costa Rica
- Esteban Torres
- TicObjC
author: "Esteban Torres"
published: true
image:
  feature: /images/abstract-12.jpg

---
Hi; my name is **Esteban Torres** and I'm an `iOS` developer from rainy **Costa Rica**; moved to Berlin to work @ [`SoundCloud`][soundcloud].

I love innovation and I'm usually an early adopter whenever I can which, more times than none, has bitten me in the ass.
<!-- more -->
Mostly wander around `Cocoa` & `Cocoa Touch` "realms" but lately I've been trying to expand towards `Ruby`, `Rails` and obviously `Swift`.
I really **LOVE** _OSS_ and at times try to contribute as much as possible and try to get involved with the community; some times though I find myself too overwhelmed with a lot of projects and thus tend to distance myself for some months.

I try to be active in conferences but only if I can find a topic I'm super passionate about; try to avoid giving hollow talks just for the sake of giving talks.

You can find me on GitHub and pretty much always lurkin on Twitter here [@esttorhe](https://twitter.com/esttorhe)



[soundcloud]: https://soundcloud.com

Commit message:

Added link to CV and updated dates

source/about/index.md, after:

layout: page
title: "About Me"
date: 2018-02-22 22:46:10 +0000
comments: true
tags:
- iOS
- Esteban Torres
- about
- CV
author: "Esteban Torres"

---

Hi; my name is **Esteban Torres** and I'm an `iOS` developer from rainy **Costa Rica**; moved to Berlin to work @ [`SoundCloud`][soundcloud].

You can find a (hopefully updated) version of my `CV` [here][cv]

I love innovation and I'm usually an early adopter whenever I can which, more times than none, has bitten me in the ass.
<!-- more -->
Mostly wander around `Cocoa` & `Cocoa Touch` "realms" but lately I've been trying to expand towards `Ruby`, `Rails` and obviously `Swift`.
I really **LOVE** _OSS_ and at times try to contribute as much as possible and try to get involved with the community; some times though I find myself too overwhelmed with a lot of projects and thus tend to distance myself for some months.

I try to be active in conferences but only if I can find a topic I'm super passionate about; try to avoid giving hollow talks just for the sake of giving talks.

You can find me on GitHub and pretty much always lurkin on Twitter here [@esttorhe](https://twitter.com/esttorhe)


[soundcloud]:https://soundcloud.com
[cv]:https://estebantorr.es/cv/index.html
